Makefile update - Re-introduce PYTHON_VERSION_VENV variable, enforce generic 'base_python' for Tox (#633)
containerbuildsystem/cachi2: README.md

which means changes to the source code will reflect in the behavior of the CLI without the need for reinstalling.

You may need to install Python 3.9 in case you want to test your changes against Python 3.9 locally
before submitting a pull request. This is optional though as our gating CI checks compatibility
with all currently supported Python versions upstream and so we respect your choice to only test
with your default Python installation. That said, if you test against e.g. Python 3.12 be prepared
to see potential issues on 3.9 due to new arguments, attributes, operators, etc.

Note though that we also have several non-Pythonic runtime dependencies, so depending on which part
of cachi2 you want to work on you may need to install further binaries or toolkits. Please refer to

> our Containerfile on what those dependencies are as that always contains the latest information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our [Dockerfile](https://github.com/containerbuildsystem/cachi2/blob/main/Dockerfile) on what those dependencies are as that always contains the latest information.
```

Author: We should always promote it as a Containerfile, the only reason for having a Dockerfile (and Containerfile as a symlink) is due to Dependabot's limitations, that's not something by choice. It is true that it's currently a symlink, so GH UI will redirect it automatically which may be confusing for some people, but the moment we either replace dependabot or it magically starts supporting some alternative container file names, we don't need to change anything in the docs.

Author: I'll update this as suggested.

tox -e py39 -- tests/unit/extras/test_envfile.py::test_cannot_determine_format
```

> In short, tox passes all arguments to the right of `--` directly to pytest. For more information on

Reviewer: I would rephrase this slightly to mention what `--` means. It is not something specific to tox only.

Author: Why? Explaining shell positional arguments and how it translates to tox `{posargs}` feels largely outside of the scope of user-facing docs on a tool that doesn't directly deal with that, IOW users don't need to understand shell in order to develop/test or even use this tool, so the original wording used in this case feels adequate for the desired outcome. Moreover, I only expanded the sentence providing references to other sources explaining the necessary internals should the user be interested in exploring them; note that I didn't try to explain how people should read a Dockerfile or how tox.ini works, so I'd preferably not like to take any action here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Double dash (--) signifies the end of command options, so any arguments after it are passed directly to pytest without further interpretation by tox.
```
...if it is not out of scope
